Ruby agent docs updates (#11703)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/ruby-release-notes/ruby-agent-6110365.mdx

releaseDate: '2020-06-03'
version: 6.11.0
downloadLink: 'https://rubygems.org/downloads/newrelic_rpm-6.10.0.364.gem'
features: ["Introducing Infinite Tracing", "Distributed tracing now avaliable for Sidekiq jobs"]

> bugs: ["Environment Report now supports Rails 6.1+", "Eliminate add_method_tracer warnings when using Ruby 2.7", "Add missing field to Cross Application Tracing"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bugs: ["Support Rails 6.1+ in the Environment Report", "Eliminate add_method_tracer warnings when using Ruby 2.7", "Add missing field to Cross Application Tracing"]
```
